Update browserstack-integration.md (#583)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/integrations/browserstack-integration.md

2. Upload test suite
3. Start testing

In order to achive the above-mentioned steps, you need use the following curl commands after generating the respective artifacts:

```
 - name: BrowserStack upload
   script: |      
    APP_URL=$(curl -u "$BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME:$BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_TOKEN" -X POST "https://api-cloud.browserstack.com/app-automate/upload" -F "file=@android/app/build/outputs/apk/release/app-release.apk" | jq -r '.app_url') 
    TEST_URL=$(curl -u "$BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME:$BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_TOKEN" -X POST "https://api-cloud.browserstack.com/app-automate/espresso/test-suite" -F "file=@android/app/build/outputs/apk/androidTest/release/app-release-androidTest.apk" | jq -r '.test_url')
    curl -X POST "https://api-cloud.browserstack.com/app-automate/espresso/build" -d '{"devices": ["Google Pixel 3-9.0"], "app": "'"$APP_URL"'", "deviceLogs" : true, "testSuite": "'"$TEST_URL"'"}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" -u "$BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME:$BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_TOKEN" 
    
```

> **$BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME** and **$BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_TOKEN** are generated to you automatically after signing up with **BrowserStack** and setting up the environment variables in the Codemagic UI will allow them to be used during a build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME** and **BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_TOKEN** are generated for you automatically after signing up with **BrowserStack**. Adding these as environment variables in the Codemagic UI will allow them to be used during a build.
```
